saint petersburg company red
october and his leader in production and
sale of motor-blocks and motor-cultivators in
Russia and CIS countries
enterprise products are manufactured under
widely known brand of moto appliances
him today is red october and him this
high-tech enterprise
have a powerful production
full cycle which is the basis
modern serial casting technology
pressure aluminum mechanical
handling and assembly of products to achieve
high quality castings
help special complex
fluoroscopy control and control
high precision etc.
measuring machine
constant growth in production
ensured by continuous development
mechanical machining c manual replacement
labor modern
high-performance milling and
such centers allows to produce
large parts detail automation
most technological processes
gives not only a high level
performance but also allows
create reliable and durable and
easy-to-use equipment
high quality which is confirmed
European certificates in the field
quality and safety with is
iso international quality certificates
as well as awards and diplomas of various
which competitions annually receives
company production over creation
motoblocks and motor-cultivators neva
work team
highly qualified specialists
using in their workings out
modern computer techniques
designing they create promising
products for their products red
october he uses modern
engines from the world's leading
robin-subaru manufacturers
bricks and stratton and honda business card
enterprise card
popular in Russia motoblock neva mb2
its feature is super reliable
and powerful transmission allowing
effectively perform any
agrotechnical operations with the highest
performance even on heavy
soils
the design of the tiller allows
use it for a variety of works
snow harvesting hay
cargo transportation and much more
no less popular among the farmers themselves
ergonomic in the line of moto technology him
motoblock neva mp3 motoblock design
arranged in such a way as to
reduce the load on the operator during
work
increasingly in demand among the population
use cultivators him them
distinctive feature
wide range of possibilities ease
operation and maintenance twice
less weight compared to moto blocks
allows you to work with a cultivator on
small areas of up to 10 acres
and highly reliable engines require only
observance of simple rules of operation
active collaboration with
St. Petersburg and state
Polytechnic and Agrarian University
lets plant red october cute
be constantly looking for new
ideas and create unique products
thanks to this, the company expanded
its range
new motor cultivators him mk-82 si
construction and use
modern technology
provide increased reliability and
high ergonomics main
design feature m to 80
is an increased gear ratio
gearbox
what makes this model efficient
performs the most sought after
agrotechnical operations in 2012
the enterprise represents a novelty
motor-cultivator neva m to 200 is the first
in Russia, a power motor cultivator having
optimal set of speeds for
carrying out garden work including
plowing light soils
allow operation in the summer included
with a mower
and in winter, complete with snow cleaner
for cleaning soft snow
provide the soil with proper care without
labor to perform various economic
operations make your work more
productive and comfortable it all
allows to carry out
Moto technology brand number 1 in Russia
equipment made specifically for
work in the Russian climate
closed joint stock company red
October him for many years successfully
sells its products throughout Russia
and in cis countries and has branched
network of service centers
the enterprise is open with a new look
cooperation in both Russian and
in the foreign market the basis of which
considers long-term mutually beneficial
business relationship